I worry if my partner does not respond to my text and/or call after 3hrs.
If my partner suddenly said, “We are going on a date today,” I would be perfectly fine with the late notice.
I am a sarcastic person.
During regular conversations, I make sharp remarks.
I would rather have a partner that directly communicates their frustrations with me.
Even if I completely understood my partner's words, I would become upset, frustrated, and/or disheartened if their communication came across as harsh.
I would describe myself as an extroverted person.
It's Saturday morning and you are very tired from yesterday's workday. However, your partner asked if you wanted to have brunch today. How likely are you to accept this offer?
How many DAYS a week would you like to socialize with your partner?
How many HOURS a day would you like to socialize with your partner?
When angered, how likely are you to blurt out words?
You just finished having an argument with your partner. How likely are you to give your partner the silent treatment?
It is hard for me to admit that I am/was wrong during an argument, debate, etc.
It is difficult for me to apologize for my wrongdoings.
What are four interests that you have?
What are eight personal values that you have?
Rate your expressions of love.
I wouldn't be able to stay in a long-distance relationship for more than a year.
You and your partner are married. Your partner has notified you that they want to move to a different city because they want to advance their career. They also want you to live with them in this new city. How likely are you to accept this offer?
Do you have children?
Are you interested in having/ having more children?
Currently, I spend ______ with my children.
Ideally, I would spend ______ with my children.
I can be in a relationship with a person who already has a child (or children).
I am fine with me and/or my partner shouting at our kids.
What is your current religion, if any?
Religion is very important to me.
What religious rituals do you practice?
I practice my religion's (and/or sect's) rituals:
I want my partner to practice the same religion and sect as me.
It is standard for me and my partner to take care of my in-laws.
If my partner and my parents were facing some kind of conflict, I would side with my partner.
If necessary, I would be fine if I had to live with my in-laws.
I would describe myself as more of a spender (someone who likes to splurge) than a saver.
During the average week, I spend ___(in USD) on non-essentials (non-living expenses):
If you and your partner were to get married, do you want a joint bank account with your partner?
I desire a partner that shares the same educational level as me.
If I am focused on my education, I will not be able to stay committed to a relationship.
I am willing to sacrifice hang-out time, physical affection, etc. if my partner is pursuing an education.
I am willing to sacrifice time put towards education activities, such as projects, and/or opportunities for my relationship.
I think sex is very important for a relationship.
Your partner is asking for MORE sexual interactions during the average 7-day week. However, you feel that your weekly sexual interactions are more than adequate. How likely are you to grant your partner's wish for MORE sexual interactions?
Your partner is asking for LESS sexual interactions during the average 7-day week. However, you feel that your weekly sexual interactions are more than adequate. How likely are you to grant your partner's wish for LESS sexual interactions?
I would be happy and content with sexual intercourse:
At what point are you willing to have sexual intercourse?
I keep my living space very clean.
I cook at home more than eating out.
I am on time for every commitment
On average, I typically work:
I am willing to adjust some of my habits if it strengthens me and my partner's relationship.
I like to eat very healthy food.
I like to workout.
I like to wear clothes that align with fashion trends.
I enjoy going to parties.
What are some of your life goals 5 years from now?
What are some of your life goals 10 years from now?
I am very flexible when it comes to changing my long-term goals.
When it comes to love, I would identify myself as more of a romantic person than a practical person.
What is the most beautiful compliment(s) a date or partner has said to you (list 1 to 3 compliments separated by commas or semi-colons)?
What was the best gift you have ever received (or wish you have received)? If possible, please share the BRAND NAME.
If your relationship is beginning to lose its sparks, how would you try to rekindle the sparks in your relationship?
Do you want to get married? (If married say yes)
Do you think a marriage or relationship should be exclusive?
Are you looking for:
What do you believe is the purpose of a marriage or relationship?
What are four things that make a marriage or relationship successful?
What are four or more things about YOU that will make YOU successful in a marriage or relationship? (What do you bring to the table?)
What are 4 things about YOU that could make YOUR marriage or relationship rocky?
What is your definition of a marriage or relationship?
What is the maximum amount of money you want to spend on a ring?
What is the maximum amount of money you want to spend on your Wedding and/or Honeymoon?
What percent of your income/ salary are you willing to invest in your marriage or relationship to make it work?
How would you use your income/revenue to make your marriage work?
What minimum amount of time in hours during the week (Mon-Fri) are you willing to give in your marriage to make it work?
What minimum amount of time in hours during the weekend (Sat-Sun) are you willing to give in your marriage or relationship to make it work?
What minimum amount of time in days during the week are you willing to give in your marriage or relationship to make it work?
Do you think your date should pay for your expenses for every outing (drinks, meals, events, etc.)?
Do you prefer to split the bills and living expenses with your partner?
When you say “I want to be taken care of“ what does it mean”
What are some specific examples of expressions of love to you?
I believe my kids should do chores.
I believe my kids as teenagers should earn their own spending money.
I believe foreplay is important before sex.
It is important for us to see my family during the holidays.
With current resources and time, it makes me happy (or it would make me happier) if/ when my partner helps _____. (2 wishes, separated by comma or semi-colon)
What does love look like for you?
What is the love you are looking for, mean to you or give you?  What does it fulfill or validate?